README.md, before:

# Digikey-Inventree-Integration

## Setup

### Installation

#### Install from Pypi

`pip install inventree_digikey_integration`

#### Install from source

1. Install [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)
2. Clone the repo `git clone git@github.com:EUdds/digikey-inventree-integration.git`
3. `cd digikey-inventree-integration`
4. `poetry install`

### Configuration

Create a config.ini file according to the template and specify it's location with the `-c <path>` flag

```
[DIGIKEY_API]
CLIENT_ID=
CLIENT_SECRET=

[INVENTREE_API]
URL=<URL to the inventree instance>
USER=
PASSWORD=
```


## Usage

Invoke the cli by running `import_digikey_parts`

```bash
usage: import_digikey_parts [-h] [-y] [-c CONFIG] query_numbers [query_numbers ...]

Import Digikey part numbers into InvenTree

positional arguments:
  query_numbers         Part number(s) to import

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -y, --yes             Bypass user prompts and assume "yes"
  -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                        Path to config file
```

## Testing

Run the test suite by running `poetry run pytest`

Commit message:

Status badging and ci updates (#18) (#19)
* Make tests run on main too, and updates pyproject.toml for a more information rich pypi page

* Update README and version number

* Update lint CI to ref new src folder

README.md, after:

# Digikey-Inventree-Integration
[![Test Results](https://github.com/EUdds/digikey-inventree-integration/actions/workflows/python-test.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/EUdds/digikey-inventree-integration/actions/workflows/python-test.yaml)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/inventree_digikey_integration.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/inventree_digikey_integration)


A CLI to ease importing [Digikey](https://www.digikey.com/) parts into an [Inventree](https://github.com/inventree/InvenTree) instance.

## Setup

### Installation

#### Install from Pypi

`pip install inventree_digikey_integration`

#### Install from source

1. Install [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)
2. Clone the repo `git clone git@github.com:EUdds/digikey-inventree-integration.git`
3. `cd digikey-inventree-integration`
4. `poetry install`

### Configuration

Create a config.ini file according to the template and specify it's location with the `-c <path>` flag

```
[DIGIKEY_API]
CLIENT_ID=
CLIENT_SECRET=

[INVENTREE_API]
URL=<URL to the inventree instance>
USER=
PASSWORD=
```


## Usage

Invoke the cli by running `import_digikey_parts`

```bash
usage: import_digikey_parts [-h] [-y] [-c CONFIG] query_numbers [query_numbers ...]

Import Digikey part numbers into InvenTree

positional arguments:
  query_numbers         Part number(s) to import

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -y, --yes             Bypass user prompts and assume "yes"
  -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                        Path to config file
```

## Testing

Run the test suite by running `poetry run pytest`
